

Grader: Ganesh

Points: 95

Q1: DCL in Java:

    To the compilers dismay or the users'?

    You say "all these alternatives did not work".
    What are the reasons for the failures? Would have
    been nice to at least list one.

    O/w a good summary.
    
Q2: Sync-with:

    There are many interesting details presented in the
    readings on sync-with.


Q3: DCL in C++:

    "When C++ got a new memory model" sounds a little
    awkward. They defined a new memory model (which then
    implies that compilers must adjust to this model).

    O/w OK

Q4: Acq/Rel order:

    OK details expressed. I hope you do understand
    the memory model related operations well.       

Q5: Ruud : Atomics, CAS, server sizes;
    Mattson's summary of CAS for OMP atomics:

    Good capture of the role played by CAS in realizing
    atomics. Good insights into the cost of data movement
    as the scale goes up.

Q6: False sharing, placement hints, profiling,
    dependence, cache blocking, scaling at high end:

    You captured the speaker's gist quite well.
    Data placement of this nature is a lot of pain.
    I think TBB is mindful of thread affinity and
    seems to not need such manual steps for locality.
    However, one must perform a well-designed comparative study.

Q7: OMP scoping of vars:

    It was index j indeed. This has to be made private
    to prevent races. There was an unfortunate typo in
    his video. You got the ideas right.

Q8: OMP tasking:

    There are many good points in your answer.
    Bsically, tasks are work items that can
    be programmatically created, and associated
    with threads based on various policies.
    In fact, the author of TBB wishes that it
    were called "tasking building blocks" and
    not threading building blocks (as TBB is almost
    entirely task-based)

Q9: OMP implementation, outlining, reduction:

    Good insights by reading that presentation.

Q10: OMP and TBB; differences; your preference:

     Some differences are pointed out. Please
     check the discussions to gather more differences.

     Specific differences have not been pointed out
     in enough detail.

Q11: Project background, motivation, application-level
     objectives, impact, main features

     Looking forward to this.

--

